Cris, we have already identified what
we want, and it is also very interesting
the approach you have proposed
in which the key is attitude, it is
the multiplier, and you have to have
clear what attitude you want and attract
talent, attract people with that
attitude, and we will already
develop them and give them the
knowledge they need.
And now the next thing we have
to do is, I know what I want but
I have to look for it.
First, where do we look for it?
There are different
tools to find talent.
These are job portals, such as
a job and talent, an info
jobs, a job today.
How they work?
Basically, you pay an annual
license and allow you to publish
offers and receive candidatures
and contact people who
have applied your license.
The typical software
as a service plan you have...
Indeed, where you publish, well,
they are like listings for if you
say, where you put the
information in each of the fields.
Information about the position,
reports, salary levels and others,
and then based on that you publish
and receive the CVs of all
the people who have applied
your candidacy for the position.
This is an instrument.
Then there are the universities
or study centers, business
centers, which through employment
fairs and in their work bourses
can publish your positions
or your job offers.
That requires you to have direct contact
with those centers, right?
actually is.
That is, you usually set
up a collaboration agreement
with a university or a study
center and then they
allow you to post job offers
on their job bourses
and then students or
college graduates apply
to your positions.
That is another tool.
Then there is another tool that are
headhunters.
For very specific and high-level
positions, headhunters are used,
which are of all kinds, they are
focused on the different industries,
depending on the profile of
the job that is being sought
and so on.
And they work for a purpose.
There are people who work for success
and there are people who work for exclusivity.
That would be the headhunters.
And then there is a last tool that
is basically internal
or spontaneous candidatures.
The internal candidatures, logically,
you do what you do is on your portal,
in your intranet you publish that
job offer and apply your
employees.
And spontaneous candidatures are,
in the company profiles you have
on LinkedIn or in people spontaneously,
regardless of whether
you have posted an offer,
because they send you their
resume or ask for certain
information.
This is what companies that
have worked well brand employee,
employee value proposal,
companies that are attractive
to people, receive spontaneous
candidatures, the rest
not.
actually is.
And probably the spontaneous candidatures
are the most interesting,
because it is people who like your
values and who write you for that
and who have taken the initiative
to do so.
That is.
This is the traditional
way to manage it.
How do innovative companies
manage it?
We, in our case, at Pernod
Ricard, what we do is, we get out
a little of this methodology
and, for example, we publish
our vacancies on social
networks and also do it in
an innovative way.
Why is?
We do not publish a vacancy.
We have put them in place,
so they do not know what will
happen.
You know that there are probably
a number of jobs or a number
of scholarships in this
company.
Then, we send them teasers
at the call level through social
media.
Social media is not advertising.
This is not the social network of...
We are not talking about LinkedIn.
Yes, we use LinkedIn,
we use Twitter, we use Facebook
and we use Instagram.
Do your followers see
you on social media?
That is, that is.
They see our followers and then
the media impact you have is much greater,
logically, because you
go beyond the employment portals
and you know that you will receive
people who, as you do because you
like them, are people who are
probably very close to the level
of attitude and self-confidence.
Not yet defined the position.
You bring a lot of people who are
aligned with that attitude that you
defined to us before and bring them
to all and what do you do?
What allows you to do so?
That is, logically, it allows you not to
be stressed, that is, it allows you
to continue focusing on the person and
not on the position, right?
Because you place them to have an experience
and what guarantees you is that the
candidate will be comfortable and
will have fun, because when people
are comfortable and have fun, they
give the best of themselves and you
there, logically, with the human
rest department that are the ones
we design the dynamics and everything
that will happen during that day,
because there are many things and
you are already fixing on
behaviors that candidates have,
in attitudes, in certain
skills, but in a playful
environment and then it is not
an interview to use, that
then we will talk about the
interview process, it is not
an interview use to, it is an
interview where people will have
fun is and at the time when
they give the best version
of themselves.